Update Helm chart READMEs (#339)
cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client: helm/conjur-config-namespace-prep/README.md

  --set authnK8s.NameSpace="new-NameSpace"
```

> ### Optional: Deploying the Kubernetes resources specified by this chart without Helm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alternative: Creating K8s Resources with `kubectl` instead of Helm
```
Also need to update the TOC.

Author: Done

If Helm can not be used to deploy Kubernetes resources, the raw Kubernetes manifests can be generated ahead of time with the `helm template` command. Then the generated manifests can be applied with `kubectl`.

```shell-session
helm template NameSpace-prep . -n "my-NameSpace" \
  --set authnK8s.goldenConfigMap="conjur-configmap" \
  --set authnK8s.NameSpace="default" > conjur-config-namespace-prep.yaml

kubectl apply -f conjur-config-namespace-prep.yaml
```

## Issues with Helm "lookup"

When using `helm install --dry-run` or `helm lint`, you may notice that the
outputted ConfigMap and RoleBinding do not contain the actual credentials
that would be retrieved from your "Golden Configmap". This is due to the
Helm `lookup` function, which retrieves Kubernetes objects and data, not being
supported by `--dry-run` or `lint`.

## Using the Conjur Connection ConfigMap in your application deployment manifest

> Edit the relevant `container` and/or `image` subsections of your application deployment manifest to include the Conjur Connection ConfigMap values as environment variables as in the example for the Kubernetes Authenticator Client below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to leverage the standardized `ConfigMap` containing Conjur connection details, it needs to be exposed as environment variables to the Kubernetes Authenticator Client.  Edit the relevant `container` and/or `image` subsections of your application manifest to include the `ConfigMap` in the container environment, as seen in the example below:
```

Author: Done

```
containers:
- name: test-app
  envFrom:
    - configMapRef:
        name: conjur-connect
- image: cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client
  envFrom:
    - configMapRef:
        name: conjur-connect
```

> Applications using Secrets Provider or Secretless can be modified similarly to make use of the `ConfigMap` values.

Reviewer: Can you link to SP and SB repos here?
